readme.md, before:

# Lawler.io Template

This is it. Everything you need to clone [lawler.io](https://lawler.io) is here.

## How to build this website
You need pip, the Python package manager:

1. `pip install Markdown`
2. `pip install typogrify`
2. `pip install "pelican[markdown]"`
3. `pip install yuicompressor`
4. That's it! You can now run `make devserver` from the root directory and navigate to http://localhost:8000/ to see the blog.

### Helpful commands

- `./generate_entry.py "Post Title Here"` to generate a new post, with metadata placeholders inserted
- `make rsync_upload` to publish the site


## About the website

When computer-programming/engineering types have a website, it's traditional to <del>brag about</del> explain the technology used to create and serve the site. I have no idea who actually reads these summaries, but for posterity's sake&hellip;

The website is a [static site](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_web_page) created by [Pelican](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican), a Python static site generator. I added a few custom Python extensions to bend the Jinja2 templating engine to my will.

I created the theme myself&mdash;both the desktop and mobile variants. The basis for the theme is Dave Liepmann's [Edward Tufte CSS](https://edwardtufte.github.io/tufte-css/), which powers the lovely serifed font and gorgeous margin notes you see throughout your-domain.com.

The code highlighting theme is Solarized Dark, my preferred color theme for... everything.

Major thanks to Jody Frankowski's [Blue Penguin theme](https://github.com/jody-frankowski/blue-penguin) (which, itself, was based on pelican-mockingbird) and Claudio Walser's [FH5CO marble theme](https://github.com/claudio-walser/pelican-fh5co-marble-example) as guides to figure out how to use some of Pelican's less-documented areas for advanced themes.

# License
Eric Lawler created this theme in 2019 and hacked it up for your use in 2021. You can modify whatever you want and use it for whatever purposes you want, subject to any existing licensing restrictions on the underlying Pelican framework.

Commit message:

Refresh the instructions for 2022 and Fedora 35+

readme.md, after:

# Lawler.io

This is it. Everything you need to clone [Lawler.io](https://lawler.io) is here.

The _master_ branch was [renamed](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53377423/removing-github-profile-repos-from-google-search) to _lawler_ so Google and friends won't crawl its contents.

## How to build this website
You need pip, the Python package manager, and a copy of Python 2.7 or 3.x:

1. `pip install pelican`
2. `pip install Markdown`
3. `pip install webassets`
4. `dnf install yuicompressor` <-- needed for webassets, which installs yuicompressor. Adjust the binary name in the `YUICOMPRESSOR_EXECUTABLE` setting in `pelicanconf.py` to match whatever method you use to install the actual compressor.
5. That's it! You can now run `make devserver` from the root directory and navigate to localhost:8000. `make rsync_upload` will build and publish the site to the remote server.

(Parallel instructions in https://lawler.io/about/)

## About the website

When computer-programming/engineering types have a website, it's traditional to <del>brag about</del> explain the technology used to create and serve the site. I have no idea who actually reads these summaries, but for posterity's sake&hellip;

The website is a [static site](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_web_page) created by [Pelican](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican), a Python static site generator. I added a few custom Python extensions to bend the Jinja2 templating engine to my will.

I created the theme myself&mdash;both the desktop and mobile variants. The basis for the theme is Dave Liepmann's [Edward Tufte CSS](https://edwardtufte.github.io/tufte-css/), which powers the lovely serifed font and gorgeous margin notes you see throughout Lawler.io.

The code highlighting theme is Solarized Dark, my preferred color theme for... everything.

Major thanks to Jody Frankowski's [Blue Penguin theme](https://github.com/jody-frankowski/blue-penguin) (which, itself, was based on pelican-mockingbird) and Claudio Walser's [FH5CO marble theme](https://github.com/claudio-walser/pelican-fh5co-marble-example) as guides to figure out how to use some of Pelican's less-documented areas for advanced themes.
