content/2019/hello-world.md, before:

Title: Hello, World
Date: 2019-03-20 01:11
Category: Dross
Tags: meta
Status: Published
Summary: We all have to start somewhere&hellip;
Description: Eric Lawler's Lawler.io: What's it all about then?

<section markdown="1">
## The Beginning

When learning computer programming, it's traditional to begin one's journey towards mastering the syntax by instructing the computer to print [Hello, World!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22Hello,_World!%22_program#History) on the screen.

This is Python's *Hello, World!*:

```python
#!/usr/bin/env python
print("Hello, World!")
``` 

And this is PHP's:

```php
<?php
echo "Hello, World!";
?>
```

My [*Hello, World!* for the GameBoy](https://github.com/Eiriksmal/gameboy), written in Z80 assembly, is an impressive 179 lines long&mdash;a sharp contrast to Python and PHP.
</section>
<section markdown="1">
## What's the point?

This brief missive is lawler.io's *Hello, World!*, if you will. In the weeks to come, this lonely piece of content will be joined by more meaningful thoughts.

<blockquote><p>Productivity is meaningless unless you know what your goal is.</p>
<footer>Eliahu M. Goldratt, <cite>The Goal</cite> (1984), pg 32</footer>
</blockquote>

My goals for this website are straightforward:

1. Allow me to keep my writing skills sharp, lest they rust in the withering deluge of texts, emails, and social media lols.
2. Give me a space to better understand my own thoughts by typing them out.
3. Serve as a resource for others. When someone asks me for help, I can write a thoughtful response and throw it into the tangled snake of wires that is the world wide web&mdash;maybe some brave soul will stumble across the response and lessen their own pain.

Here's to a great 2019.
</section>

Commit message:

Deprecate the "Summary" metadata and use the same thing for the META description and category/tag lists

content/2019/hello-world.md, after:

Title: Hello, World
Date: 2019-03-20 01:11
Category: Dross
Tags: meta
Status: Published
Description: Eric Lawler's Lawler.io: What's it all about then? 1. Practice for better long-form writing. 2. A medium to understand my own thoughts. 3. A resource for others.

<section markdown="1">
## The Beginning

When learning computer programming, it's traditional to begin one's journey towards mastering the syntax by instructing the computer to print [Hello, World!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22Hello,_World!%22_program#History) on the screen.

This is Python's *Hello, World!*:

```python
#!/usr/bin/env python
print("Hello, World!")
``` 

And this is PHP's:

```php
<?php
echo "Hello, World!";
?>
```

My [*Hello, World!* for the GameBoy](https://github.com/Eiriksmal/gameboy), written in Z80 assembly, is an impressive 179 lines long&mdash;a sharp contrast to Python and PHP.
</section>
<section markdown="1">
## What's the point?

This brief missive is lawler.io's *Hello, World!*, if you will. In the weeks to come, this lonely piece of content will be joined by more meaningful thoughts.

<blockquote><p>Productivity is meaningless unless you know what your goal is.</p>
<footer>Eliahu M. Goldratt, <cite>The Goal</cite> (1984), pg 32</footer>
</blockquote>

My goals for this website are straightforward:

1. Allow me to keep my writing skills sharp, lest they rust in the withering deluge of texts, emails, and social media lols.
2. Give me a space to better understand my own thoughts by typing them out.
3. Serve as a resource for others. When someone asks me for help, I can write a thoughtful response and throw it into the tangled snake of wires that is the world wide web&mdash;maybe some brave soul will stumble across the response and lessen their own pain.

Here's to a great 2019.
</section>
